After switching outfits with fairies, can't leave tower

Taking a closer look at the weapon choosing EVTs there are 4 setevents, maybe just null the first 3 not the 4th to skip the cutscene. Also makes you wondeer if the type (1 or whatever) is how you get stuff?
EVENTS THAT DONT START
baily scene didn't start (and leaving hb to come back made portal be data portal)

somethings up because when I build the nm06 ard myself, the cutscene is properly skipped. maybe it has to do with the number of programs in there? or maybe I'm splitting the programs wrong
CUTSCENES THAT PLAY
cutscene after first candy cane lane fight played
cutscene after prison keeper played
cutscene entering first oc tunnel plays
cutscene after first tt tower fight
cutscene after heading out from town in port royal
cutscene after boarding port royal first time
cutscene first time heading to isla de murt
cutsce after first interceptor fight
cutscene after killing twilight thorn
cutscene aafter beating haynor
after struggle fights
before getting to computer as roxas
after killing cerbrerus
after killing hydra
after firefighting fight wi
after treasure room fight
entering twtnw bridge room
afterr hyenas
after xemnas i
after ballroom nobodies
entering ht 2
after killing experiment
after agrabah fight on top of tower
after first gambler in ca 2
before final xemnas
after bailey fight
after sp xp fight
after beating mcp (wonder if related to getting an item)
after ancers fight in hb 2
cutscene before getting fenrir

PLACES WHERE MIGHT NEED TO ADJUST THE JUMP BECAUSE MULTI CUTSCENES PLAY
after killing thorn  twili
in between each day stt
after finishing wi
after chasm of challenges

WEIRD
scene after minute fight lod doeesnt end right, still works
part where you go to sp normally softlocks with rando
after fighting riku fight ends instahntly but next cutscene plays
after first mminigame day 2 skips a few cutscenes but not all
2nd SP jump goes to larxene
going to hakuna atada is lk 2 crashes
marluxias portal doesn't show up
completing wi marked pirates purple and completing pirates marked twtnw purple
atlantica is softlocked
cntinuing sp2 first fored fight returns you to the fight
	demyx too? Is this just a bug?
can't get terra to show up?

Do you get items after tt1 nobody fight?

You should make your icon.png as small as 128x128. And I recommend for your preview.png to have a maximum height of 288 and a maximum width of 512. I need to publish those specifications  . It will be important to have the correct size once I am going to implement the Mods Manager Feed.
About your mod, congratulations  it is the very first full mod with the new Mods Manager and, on the way it's structured, it will most likely be compatible with all the future mods too! This is a nice step forward.